Hello and welcome to the final tutorial of this course the ultimate tutorial where we're going to see
our results to help you to hopefully running across this field now that we're done with our various
implementation.
So I'm super excited to have reached this point.
And congratulations for those of you who reached this tutorial.
This is now that we will enjoy watching the result.
All right so first of all as you can notice I added a new found in our working directory for that which
is documentation that PTF and that contains Of course all the documentation you need to make this work.
But you will see this is actually quite simple.
We won't have to install any frameworks such of flow or by torch we will only need to install of course
Jim and Pipelet because indeed we have to import the environments we'll be working on.
There is the how to use environment and this environment belongs to the public library and we will wrap
this environment into gyms so that we can display the videos on our monitor.
All right.
So before we have a look at the condition I have to tell you that I reinstalled everything from scratch.
That is Anaconda.
Just to show you that there won't be any issue and that installation will be quick and easy.
All right let's do this.
I will give you the documentation in the next to tell you all in some kind of article where you will
be able to download it.
But in the meantime let's have a look at this documentation.
Here we go 20:18 documentation.
So it's documentation in two parts.
Part one to be installed inside the terminal and I can the prompt where I explain what you need to enter
in a terminal to install Djimon by bullet.
And also this which is to actually have the videos you need to install if and MPEG.
And the second part the how she the environment where I explain exactly what you do and how to import
this environment from our code.
All right so let's tackle the first part first.
To be installed inside a terminal and on that prompt so I know that the oceans here is composed of Linux
users Mac users and Windows users so I separated the three cases for Mac and Linux users.
Please open a terminal.
So for Linux users you can find it very easily in the list of programs and for Mac users.
Well I'm going to show you very quickly how to do that.
And for Windows users the terminal is not that direct to find.
And besides if you want to run some command for Anaconda the windows prompt is not enough.
So instead of opening the windows prompt what you need to do is you click the windows button at the
bottom left of your screen right here.
Then you have two options.
Either you find an icon that in the list of programs and then you will find an X on a prompt you just
need to click on it and the other way to find it.
I gave you a link here.
It's just still in the bone left after you click on this window's button.
You search on the prompt and you will find it and you click on it and then you will have this black
window opened and this is exactly like opening a terminal on Mac in Linux so once you reach that point
you're all on the same page and you're ready to install the three modules.
So let's do this now.
I'm on Mac so I'm going to show you right away how to open a terminal.
My short cut to do this is to press them into space and then type terminal.
Here we go.
And here is my terminal and now what we're going to do.
We simply going to copy paste these three command lines and then press enter but you have to do it one
by one for each of them.
All right so let's start with the first one that installs.
Jim the version 0.10 point five.
Make sure to take the same version but basically just copy this line then just paste it here.
I remind that I reinstalled everything from scratch.
So for me it's like the first time I'm doing this.
But you will see we will find absolutely no error.
All right then you just need to press enter and this will install just very easily as you can see installed
collected packages.
Future pilot and Jim successfully installed these packages.
Perfect.
So first that done.
Now let's install Bible version 2.0 0.8 which actually comes from the pull request I made with alexy
because we noticed that forcing the expiration on the full episode helped the turning of the health
shita.
So this was a small contribution to the public library but still this version comes from our pool request
so let's copy this line this time and let's go back to the terminal to pasted and again press enter.
Collecting Bible downloading Bible at to point 0.8.
Right and now it's going to install it.
It's going to take a while like maybe one minute or two minutes so maybe I'll just accelerate here.
This is going well it should be out.
Here we go.
Perfect timing.
It should be ready in any second now.
Here we go.
Successfully installed pirate 2.0 0.8.
Perfect.
And now the last one of MPEG again you will have no issue installing it because this time you're installing
it through Konda which will directly install it in your Anikin that packages.
Here we go paste and let's install the final package or module Evanson back and that's to watch the
videos on your monitor.
After you read the Bible that environment with Jim.
All right.
So again it's going to take a few minutes.
Perfect.
Then you just need to press Whyfor Yes and then press enter again.
It's going to install basically all these packages here come the F and pay x 2 x 4 and certify.
These are just basically some dependencies that you need for a impact so everything is all good.
So as you can see it's going to be ready pretty quickly.
All right.
Only one to go.
The last one we go is accusing transaction and done.
Perfect.
Now we have everything you can just close the terminal as you can see.
This was quite easy.
We installed everything with no issue.
And besides these commands above only installed what you need to get the Bible it environments and display
them on your monitor.
And no AI framework such extensive or by torch was needed to be installed.
So that's the beauty of what we're doing in 2018.
This Erris was not implemented with the need of any complex frameworks such as dance floor by torch.
It was only implemented with none by all right.
Now moving on to part 2.
The hatched environment so I just quickly describe what it is and what we're going to do.
And mostly I remind that we have to import this Bible at arms because it is the module that contains
indeed the health the environment.
So let's have a look.
We will play with the help and varment inside which will train with our A-R as a cheater to run across
a field.
The name of this environment is how to tablet and zeroes.
That's the first thing we're going to do here we're going to copy this.
And remember in our Python code we left it blank here.
The environment Nomes.
Now we have to specify that we want to play in the House to pull it out of environment to train our
health CIDA on how to run across a field.
All right so that first thing done but then indeed I explain that the environments of pilot including
this one belong to the pilot ohms module pilot.
So we have to include the following import at the beginning of our Python implementation and importing
the library's code section.
Here is import import Bible at arms.
And that's the last thing we need to do to make all this work.
And basically that's the last thing we need for the show time.
All right.
Import Babolat arms.
Let's save it.
That's our last save.
Everything is ready now.
It's time for the results.
Indeed at the end of my degradation I'm telling you it's time to have fun so let's do this let's go
back to our code.
And now time for the show.
I'm selecting everything by pressing command a and then I'm on the map here.
So the shortcut to execute everything is command plus enter for Windows or Linux users.
You can press control plus enter to execute.
And here we go.
The training has just begun.
So we have a couple of warnings here that's totally normal It's just related to Jim.
But right now we are in the first step.
Step zero of the training and you're going to see we're going to start with some very negative reward
around minus 900.
But again that's totally normal because it's the beginning of the expiration so the updates of the weights
have just begun to try to find the best directions that lead to the highest reward and therefore you
can see we're going to start with minus 900 something and then we're going to increase the we were told
minus 700 minus 500 until we reach the threshold the first threshold zero you know to reach the positive
range of reward that will be by the way our first goal you know to reach the positive range to reach
we were that is positive.
And then I'll set up some of the goals like the next checkpoint will be to reach 500 for example 500
plus 500 reward would be pretty amazing and with 500 the help today is likely to work properly.
But then there is another goal we will be hoping to reach 700 which is another trishaw and then 900.
The ultimate range of reward which will definitely give us a very functional walking cheetah.
And by the way you can see that a new folder has populated this is the X folder containing the Buras
father and the money.
Her stepfather was already some for his videos but these were automatically added.
These are not interesting but here we go we have the first one here.
This is a real first video of our cheetah trying to run.
And so here we go.
First step step zero reward a super negative reward of minus nine hundred and sixty two.
So don't worry it will increase.
Our goal is first to go over zero but it's going to take a few steps to go over zero.
Here we go another video.
It's going to take a few steps to go over zero.
But the final goal the ultimate goal that is you know the checkpoint where we are sure that the hatch
that can run is once you reach around 700 800 and 900 is the best.
Like if we're getting something close to 900 or even 1000.
Well we can be absolutely sure that it will run very well.
All right so as you can see we can already see it is greasing a little bit went from minus 9 6 to 2
months 9 4 5.
But it's going to increase even more sometimes it's going to decrease again.
As you can see because it is still exploring.
That's normal.
You know it is still exploring different directions different updates of the weight to find a way to
work.
And I would just like to remind that training virtual robot like this helps you to learn how to walk
is extremely challenging and if you try this with the previous Emile's of 2016 or 2017 you will see
that it will even take much longer to train you like maybe a couple of days on this computer but now
you're going to see that we're going to get the result in maybe 10 to 20 minutes talking about the first
result where the house is already running OK.
So what I'm going to do now is accelerate this.
I'm going to say hi again once you reach the positive rewards because I'm going to do something else
at the same time.
And we'll check from time to time how we're doing with the word we can already see.
It is increasing.
That's pretty good.
But I'll say hi again when we reach a reward of zero and mostly I'll come back to you with the final
show.
The big congratulations once you reach something around 800 or 900.
All right.
Season
guys regulations we've just reached the positive word.
Fifty point nine too.
That's awesome.
I'm not saying that from now on it's going to be always positive.
Well here we go negative again but at least this is a very good sign and just by looking at this we
clearly see that the reward is increasing over the steps and sometimes due to expiration purposes.
Well we decreased a little bit more and then we increased.
So here it's pretty well decreasing but it's going to go back up into the positive range.
And at some point we will only be in the positive range and we will go higher and higher up to hopefully
800 900 or even close to 1000.
And here we go again positive again.
That's awesome.
It is clearly working.
All right.
So we have just reached the positive reports.
Let's say this is the bronze medal.
Now we're going to go for the silver medal.
And as I'm feeling quite ambitious let's set this gold silver medal to reaching 800.
We will get the silver medal if we reach 800 and then even more ambitious but very challenging.
I'm setting the gold medal to 900 900.
It's going to be tough.
It's going to be super tough.
Even the silver medal it's going to be tough but we can do this.
Are you ready.
Here we go.
All right guys perfect congratulations.
We have reached 800 and therefore we just got ourselves the silver medal on step two hundred sixty two.
So we have reached 800 and again it's going to decrease from time to time then increase again.
I'm going to let it continue but I think now it is time to have fun and watch the videos because we
are any way around a hundred.
Here we go.
Let's watch the videos of all the videos are here populated in the monitor subfolder.
The easiest way to have a look at them would be rather in this folder.
I will have a clear visual of it.
So beris monitors that these are the exact same videos as the one we see here.
So let's have a look at them.
There are not many of them but we'll see the progress very clearly.
All right.
So let's have a look at the first one.
I remind that the first one was populated automatically.
And these are basically some random action.
So it's going to fall pretty quickly if we press and play indeed.
Here we go.
It's falling right now it's just lust to cheat or just fail.
And that's the end of the game.
We forced the expiration.
So it is still trying to do some things but the IRS hasn't come into play yet.
All right.
So same for the second video.
Have a look at it.
Random action still and weird random actions.
It just ended up in this situation in this position.
So I think we have a third and last one with random actions trying to jump with this frontal leg.
It's nothing of course.
And now let's check the date.
So 11:23 11:24 so maybe that's our first attempt with the Apress.
Let's have a look.
OK.
Not good.
Still falling and it's going to stay in that position.
So maybe that was still among the first but let's have a look at this one.
This one should be slightly better but maybe we're still you know in the negative words.
Yes we are.
But still it now manages to stay balanced with its back leg.
So that's some progress.
But of course we are still you know at this time where we were in the negative range of what we just
got new video by the way let's have a look at the next one.
Still falling.
OK that's totally normal that's because we are in negative rewards range.
Let's have a look at this one now.
Whoa.
OK so see the same bounds now and it kind of starts to understand how to stay balanced but definitely
doesn't understand how to walk.
Let's have a look at the next one.
You're going to see at some point it's going to get better and better once we reach the positive rewards
range.
But it took us 46 steps 40 steps to reach the positive rewards.
So all right we're getting there.
See.
Now it's trying to do something it starts to be working here right.
It's working very weirdly.
I admit this but it's starting to work.
Write that's interesting maybe that's when we start reaching the positive rewards.
OK.
So we're going to get now closer and closer to the real ability of a cheater to work.
Let's have a look at this one ready play.
Still the same trying to walk but doesn't know exactly how to walk yet doesn't know which muscle emotions
have to be in the different parts of the body.
So it still has a lot of trouble walking properly but we can see that it's trying.
You know it's moving forward but it's definitely not working well yet.
All right.
Next one now it should be a bit better.
I'm not quite it's moving forward.
It's trying to walk but no worries.
This is not the final result.
OK.
So we've definitely reached the rewards range now.
So it's going to get better and better.
We're getting there soon.
Let's press play.
OK.
It's starting to understand something it's starting to see some patterns on which muscle in portions
the jeweler has to do it in the different parts of the body to walk.
This is already better.
This is already an improvement.
Let's check out the next one.
All right better or much better.
Now it's walking doing some weird curved thing on its front leg but the back leg has the right movement
I think.
You know it's pushing with its back leg to move forward and still doing this weird thing with its front
leg but now it is definitely moving forward and kind of walking right next video.
Not bad.
Yes.
So now it is.
Yes it has chosen a pattern to walk right.
It's working pretty correctly.
Let's say it's moving forward anyway which is why we were puzzled.
OK good.
OK.
Now let's maybe jump straight ahead to the last video because it's starting to be the same and also
because I can't wait to take this gold medal challenge.
Ok now it is clearly running better.
Let's see if the head manages to reach the right side of the screen and the finish line.
That would definitely mean that it runs faster than before because that would be a first.
And yes it did.
Perfect.
So that's still around the world is still around 800 it reached 800 again.
Here again here.
Eight hundred again so it is still increasing.
All right.
So what medals we have here.
Yeah we have the bronze and the silver medal.
Now let's go for the gold one 900.
This one is going to be super tough.
Let's go for it.